How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Removed identical lines, leaving only lines that changed, 
    making it faster to compare them. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    In order to revert to an earlier version, if I regret any changes I've made.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: Only have version that work. 
    Cons: Have to remember to do it. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Google Docs is designed for word documents and such, which are less
    inter-dependant than code files; software often has many files, so git
    is designed to allow a whole project in a commit. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the history of commits, with commit IDs.
    git diff shows the difference between two commit IDs. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can experiment without having to worry about how to revert changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Making a fork from Wes' github, rebase my own github fork. 

Compare two commits, printing each line that is present in one commit but not the other.

git diff will do this. It takes two arguments - the two commit ids to compare.

Make a copy of an entire Git repository, including the history, onto your own computer.

git clone will do this. It takes one argument - the url of the repository to copy.

Temporarily reset all files in a directory to their state at the time of a specific commit.

git checkout will do this. It takes one argument - the commit ID to restore.

Show the commits made in this repository, starting with the most recent.

git log will do this. It doesn't take any arguments.

Lesson 1
https://github.com/udacity/asteroids.git
3884eab839af1e82c44267484cf2945a766081f3

Problem set 1
https://github.com/udacity/pappu-pakia.git
fa4c6bade4970c282b3870ad16f1bde8164663a9


