When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When collaborating with others. 
    When working on a project from multiple computers. 
    When you want a non-local backup of your work, in case your computer dies.
    Very large projects that cannot entirely be stored locally.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I'm really not sure...
    Maybe so that I know a change has happened and am not surprised by
      bugs appearing "out of nowhere"?

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks and clones are the same, except forks are only on GitHub and keep
      a record of the original repository that this was cloned/forked from. 
    Braches are similar to forks, but within a single repository, allowing 
      multiple different pathes of feature development in the same repository, 
      whereas forking creates a new independent repository, which only gives a 
      hat tip to its origin. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Allows you to work offline while still knowing what is on the remote. 
    Allows you to sort out merge conflicts locally before updating remote. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    E-mailing files back and forth, or by using a shared dropbox folder. 
    Almost everything would be harder. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Use branches when working on something experimental or something that 
      might not need to ever be in the main code, or when you have 
      collaborators who work together (nobody works directly on master). 
    Working directly on master is more convenient for small edits. 
